docs/index.rst, before:

..  SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 Ivan Perevala <ivan95perevala@gmail.com>

..  SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later


Multiple Camera Render Manual
=============================

.. image::
   https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue
   :alt: License
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html

.. image::
   https://readthedocs.org/projects/multiple_camera_render/badge/?version=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status
   :target: https://multiple-camera-render.readthedocs.io/latest/

.. image::
   https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/spellcheck.yml/badge.svg
   :alt: Spell Check
   :target: https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/spellcheck.yml

.. image::
   https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.2.0.yml/badge.svg
   :alt: Blender 4.2.0
   :target: https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.2.0.yml

.. image::
   https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.3.0.yml/badge.svg
   :alt: Blender 4.3.0
   :target: https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.3.0.yml

.. image::
   https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.4.0.yml/badge.svg
   :alt: Blender 4.4.0
   :target: https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.4.0.yml

There are many possible uses for this addon - it all depends on your imagination. In general, the idea is that in a scene with multiple cameras, once rendering from one camera is finished, rendering from the next one begins. This applies to both image and animation rendering. Since rendering is usually a lengthy process, the addon also includes the option to preview its functionality in advance.

Links
*****

* `GitHub <https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render>`_
* `Blender Extensions <https://extensions.blender.org/approval-queue/multiple-camera-render/>`_
   .. note::
      The addon is currently in the approval queue, so it may not be available for download yet.


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents

   pages/quickstart
   pages/support
   pages/naming.rst
   pages/release_notes
   pages/libraries
   
   
Indices and tables
******************

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`

Commit message:

Updated documentation after extension was approved on Blender platform

docs/index.rst, after:

..  SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 Ivan Perevala <ivan95perevala@gmail.com>

..  SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later


Multiple Camera Render Manual
=============================

.. NOTE:
.. Blender_Extensions_Platform-6B9E2B
.. is a color of "Approved" message in approval queue on Blender Extensions Platform.
.. image::
   https://img.shields.io/badge/Blender_Extensions_Platform-6B9E2B
   :alt: License
   :target: https://extensions.blender.org/add-ons/multiple-camera-render/

.. image::
   https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue
   :alt: License
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html

.. image::
   https://readthedocs.org/projects/multiple_camera_render/badge/?version=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status
   :target: https://multiple-camera-render.readthedocs.io/latest/

.. image::
   https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/spellcheck.yml/badge.svg
   :alt: Spell Check
   :target: https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/spellcheck.yml

.. image::
   https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.2.0.yml/badge.svg
   :alt: Blender 4.2.0
   :target: https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.2.0.yml

.. image::
   https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.3.0.yml/badge.svg
   :alt: Blender 4.3.0
   :target: https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.3.0.yml

.. image::
   https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.4.0.yml/badge.svg
   :alt: Blender 4.4.0
   :target: https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render/actions/workflows/blender-test-4.4.0.yml

There are many possible uses for this addon - it all depends on your imagination. In general, the idea is that in a scene with multiple cameras, once rendering from one camera is finished, rendering from the next one begins. This applies to both image and animation rendering. Since rendering is usually a lengthy process, the addon also includes the option to preview its functionality in advance.

Links
*****

* `GitHub <https://github.com/ivan-perevala/multiple_camera_render>`_
* `Blender Extensions <https://extensions.blender.org/add-ons/multiple-camera-render/>`_

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents

   pages/installation
   pages/quickstart
   pages/support
   pages/naming.rst
   pages/release_notes
   pages/libraries
   
   
Indices and tables
******************

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
